---
title: "List"
date: 2024-09-16T15:14:55-05:00
tags:
  - tag1
  - tag2
  - tag3
image:
comments: false
draft: true
toc: true
---

## 0.0 The Sun

The Sun is the center, all of the many planets, moons and asteroids revolve around her. She constantly emits light and qwyke, which allow life as we know it to exist.

### 0.1 The Vulacnoids

The Vulcanoids are a belt of asteriods which hug the sun, many of them molten
or very close to it. Suri, the largest of them, is a tiny, tidally - locked
dwarf planet. His dayside is covered by almost entirely by magma, his nightside
by cold, dead rock.

## 1.0 Hermes

Hermes enjoys the distinction of being the most boring world in the known
universe, covered with gray, barren craters as far as the eye can see. The only
people eccentric enough to live here are geologists, and a few of them visit
for a few years to do research. But nobody stays very long, no one wants to
spend their life on Hermes!

### 2.0 Set

Set is a very dry, very hot, and mostly dead world. Almost all of his surface
is covered by deserts drier than the Gobi or Sahara, but there are a few deep
trenches with liquid water, and colonists live around them. Still, even there,
Set is quite inhospitable, his atmosphere is thin enough to let entirely too
much UV light through! 

## 3.0 The Ring of Seven Earths

The Seven Earths are all planets of equal mass which share an orbit. They were created to be habitable and inhabited worlds -- the gems of creation. And so they all remain, except for Phosphorous, the homeworld of humanity. But, about half a million years ago, he was attacked by the Artisan Hauza, who rendered him dead & barren.

But the gods took compassion upon human beings, and bore them to other worlds, where they diversified into several different species and became the dominant sophont race in the universe. 

### 3.1 Tellus

Tellus is a warm and wet world, about 70% covered by water. He has five
continents: Eurasia, America, Lybia, Australasia, and Terra Australis.
Excepting the last one, which is a frozen wasteland at the South Pole, all are
inhabited by Tellurian humans, the world's only homegrown sophonts. Tellus has
one moon, Cynthia.

Tellus was the first world to industrialize, and it was Tellurians who ushered
in the Interplanetary Age in 1955, when the Ruthenian Cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin
set foot on the Moon. Consequently, Tellurian culture has been spread far and
wide. Hollywood movies and animes are beloved all around the Solar System,
Tellurian religions are widely followed (and syncretized) almost everywhere.
And, billions of humans from Cels to Laran have acquired a taste for coffee,
the crop most frequently associated with Tellus.

In many ways, Tellus is a tame world. She has been reforged in the fires of
industry; her deserts are greening or being covered by Solar Panels. The teatse
fly and the malaria mosquito, once mortal foes of human beings, have been
wholly eradicated. Her people live freer and more materially wealthy lives than
at any other point in history. At the dawn of the twentieth century, most of
her surface was ruled by a few authoritarian empires, most of them from Europe.
But, in the intervening centuries, most of her nations have become liberal and
democratic.

#### 3.1.1 Cynthia

Cynthia is Tellus' sole large moon. She has saline oceans (or *maria*) and a
thick nitrogen - carbon dioxide atmosphere, but until recently she housed only
a little microbial life. This changed after people landed there in the mid
twentieth century, when they introduced plants, microbes, and (eventually)
settlers. Today parts of Cynthia are green and much of her is inhabited. 

### 3.2 Hesperus

Hesperus is also a mainly oceanic world, but he is much hotter than Tellus is.
A large amount of carbon dioxide and methane keep his surface sizzling, often
hotter than 140 degrees. As you might expect, this spawns terrible storms
greater than any seen on Cels or Tellus, and much of his life is forced to grow
thick skins of bark or chitin. 

Consequently, most of his surface is totally unsuitable for human habitation.
But, there are a few highland regions which are cooler and less stormy. Two of
these shelter their own human races: Qoqutin and the Apatik Tulama. The first
is a long, thin mountain range which extends a thousand miles from the East to
the West. Its inhabitants are the Qoqui, a short, long eared, and industrious
people. The Apatik Tulama is a wide, leveler land. Its people are the striped
and lanky Tulamin, who raise their children communally and do not experience
romantic love. Most civilization here is concentrated around a couple of
rivers, and the Apatik Tulama has been politically unified for most of its
history (such that "Tulamin" functions as a biological, ethnic, and national
identifier).

At the South pole, the continent of Eskara is pleasantly cool instead of being
a frozen wasteland. There, the sun stands still in the sky in the summer, while
the winter a perpetual night. This has led his people to never sleep (or,
perhaps, always sleep, depending on how one chooses to view it).

About five hundred years ago, the Qoquti developed airships, though they didn't
quite industrialize. This allowed them to colonize the other habitable regions
of Hesperus, including Jefura and Konosland, which have no native people of
their own. But, their reign was fleeting, and today Apatik Tulama and the
confederation of Jefurian States are the dominant powers on Hesperus.

### 3.3 Boreas

Boreas is the coldest of Ring -- a snowball earth almost entirely covered with
permafrost. There are a few small, thawed oceans, but these are the exception
rather than the rule. A few plants and animals live here, most of them small
and seasonal, but his biosphere is incredibly paltry compared to those of other
worlds in the Ring.

Geologists believe that Boreas was a warm garden world several million
years ago. But, due to axial tilt, he was plunged into a great ice age.

### 3.4 Cels

There are three continents on Cels. The largest, Calmera, straddles the north
pole (though two of her peninsulas -- Penyor & Consena -- stretch down a
considerable distance to the South. Her other two, Burinya & Kinamor, are
closer to the tropics.

Cels recorded history stretches back very far, almost to the arrival of human
beings ages ago. But, for most of it, she has been in the depths of an ice age,
with only Burinya & Kinamor being warm enough for agriculture. Most of her
people lived among the mountains of Northern Burinya, where they hewed great
subterranean halls beneath the hills, feeding themselves with huge terraced
gardens on the outside. Adapting to life underground, they became shorter and
spindlier over time, and their eyes grew large to help them see in the dark.
But, as the ice receded on Calmera, some of them moved north, generally growing
taller and thicker, becoming the Consenans and Penyorese. No one would call
these peoples separate species, but their differences are more pronounced than,
say, those between a Chinese and a Nigerian. 

#### 3.4.1 Selene

Selene is a large moon, about 3% as massive as Tellus, Her surface is gray,
cratered, and desolate.

#### 3.4.2 Diana

Diana is a small world, about a tenth as massive as Tellus. Her surface is
stained ruddy by iron compounds in her regolith.

### 3.5 Neptune

Neptune is wetter than the other worlds of the Ring, water covers all except a
few islands and small continents. As a result, fewer minerals have the
opportunity to wash into her oceans, and they aren't very salty. Many places
which would be lowland on Cels or Tellus are covered by shallow water. Some of
these are clear as glass, others are filled with vegetation. Many a Neptunian
bay is adorned with Onami or Sea - umbels, which recall lilly - pads or
cattails to the Tellurian eye. Still others are home to great forests of
mangrovish trees, some of which extent for hundreds of miles. 

He is home to three peoples, more than any other world in the Ring. There are
Neptunian humans, who live upon the land. They are tall and long lived,
sometimes naturally living to two hundred. They're also much more than their
cousins, maybe more monogamous than swans or gibbons. They have a great
fondness for the ocean and have always been learned in the art of shipcrafting.
They claim to be descended from Fays through modern scientists are divided on
this topic. Due to their long lives, Neptunian societies tend to be quite
conservative and inflexible, and they have taken the most time adapting to
modern techology. But, a few nations have followed the Caribbean model and
become corporate tax havens or exotic resorts for Celian and Tellurian
millionaires.

The second race, the Tralim, resemble large crabs with opposable claws. Most of
them live in and about reefs, but a few venture out into the deep riding tamed
fish, where they keep schools of fish as shepherds keep flocks. They have many
dealings with the humans above the water, but communication is not easy.

The tird, the Skalishes, resemble large furry octopi, brachiating through the
water - trees with their tentacles. They are sequential hermaphrodites, like
clownfish. They are, on average, more intelligent than human beings, but never
built civilizations because they can only relate to small groups of ~150
individuals.

### 3.6 Summanus

Summanus is the second hottest world in the Ring, after Phosphorus. He is
covered by a single global ocean. It sometimes boils in the tropics, and
everywhere the atmosphere is filled with steam -- so mcuh steam! Most of the
time his surface sea is totally obscured by angry clouds, and every Summer he
spawns huge hypercanes, greater than any cyclone of Hesperus. 

But, even here, life finds a way. Though the clouds are too thick for
photosynthesis to be reliable, animals survive in the ocean huddled around
hydrothermal vents. And, in the sky, there are many strange gasbag animals. In
the past six decades, about thirty thousand people have migrated into his
skies, where they live on balloons or on the backs of huge, floating organisms.
Most of them were researchers at first, but others have begun to arrive more
recently.

### 3.7 Phosphorus

Long ages ago, Phosphorus was a cool and lush world, just as Tellus and Talaniel are today. Then many animals roamed through his forests and fields, some of which would eventually become the first human beings. We don't know nearly as much as we'd like about Phosphorus' past, and much of what we do is shrouded in folklore and mythology.

But, it is widely believed that he came under attack by the Artisan Hauza, who came very near to destroying the human race. But, the other Artisans were stirred with compassion for human beings and rescued them (along with many other Phosphorian creatures, spreading them across the Cosmos. Hauza, for his part, is said to have been chained on Phosphorus, where he remains to this day.

Modern Phosphorus is nothing like the living world he once was -- while covered in clouds, they are not made of water vapor but of sulphuric acid. His atmosphere is thicker than any other terrestrial planet's. As a result, his surface is unimaginably hot -- hot enough to melt lead. It is also said that there are fell phantoms in Phosphorus' clouds, and none dare approach him.

## 4.0 Jove

Jove is the greatest gas giant in the solar system. He orbits about one and a
half astronomical units from the sun, just within the habitable zone. Unlike
Kronos, his colder brother, Jove's clouds are made of water vapor rather than
ammonia, making them appear white, gray, or bluish rather than yellow. Despite
this, he is still mostly made of hydrogen or compounds which contain it, such
as methane.

### 4.1 Sethlans

Sethlans the smallest of Jove's major moons, 0.05% as massive as Tellus. Due to the intense tidal stresses, he is very geologically active, covering his surface in a thin dusting of sulphur. His atmosphere is extremely thin, and there is little corporeal life. However, there are many gods and genii there, sustained by the qwyke of Jove.

### 4.2 Typhon

Typhon is a small, swampy world, most of his land is covered by jungles or
briny, shallow seas. His only inhabitants are the gastropods, a race a sophont,
snail - like creatures.

### 4.3 Catamitus

Catamitus is about 20% as massive as Tellus and has a nitrogen atmosphere. But,
most of his surface is dry and dead. He has some shallow, saline seas, but
unlike Laran, he has very little native life. However, he has been settled by
Tellurians and Celish, something which is a sour point with all the Laran
powers.

### 4.4 Laran

Laran is the largest of Jove's moons, about 60% as massive as Tellus and a little bit less dense. He houses some shallow seas, and they are ringed with woodlands and steppes, but the majority of his surface is covered with dry deserts the color of butterscotch, called the Badlands.

The largest of the seas is the Green Sea, which is clustered around the equator, and to its east is the smaller Sea of Arsha. These seas, and the lands about them, are ruled by the Karoshin Empire with an iron first. The people here are mostly Laranish humans (or simply the Laranish).

To the North is the Hellas Basin, a great depression whose bottom is filled with water. The air is thicker here and the environment more humid, sheltering the only rainforests on Laran. Its native people are the Bish, who resemble intelligent, eusocial ground squirrels, but a fair few Laranish humans have migrated here. Until quite recently, the Basin was very politically fragmented, but its governments formed the Hellas Confederation in 1998 to protect themselves from Karoshin expansion.

## 5.0 Wotan

Wotan orbits sixty degrees ahead of Jove, like a man tiptoeing just out of
sight of a hungry lion. He is inhabited by many animals and plants, the later
of which are usually maroon or red to cope with the lesser sunlight here. Human
beings lived here in ancient times, but they appear to have died out around a
few thousand years ago, for reasons which are not entirely understood. Some of
their great monuments can still be found here, though they've fallen into
disrepair.

But, recently, people have come back to Wotan! Now, all of his surface is
claimed by people from Cels, Tellus, or Laran, and there are thriving
communities of colonists.

## 6.0 The Asteroid Belt

The asteroid belt is a vast, torus - shaped region between Jove and Kronos,
containing many lumps of ice, rock, and metal. Many thousands of people have
come here to mine asteroids, and many of them have become very rich. Out here,
many of them even operate somewhat independently from planetary governments. 

The asteroid belt is also home to the dwarf planet Demeter.

### 6.1 Demeter

Demeter is the largest world in the asteroid belt, about 1% as massive as
Tellus. Her surface is made of water ice and hydrated minerals, but it hides a
subterranean ocean, kept that way by geothermal heating and the warmth of the
sun. There live many strange creatures, many of them grown huge eyes to see in
the dark (or bereft of them totally).

Her icy skin is sometimes so thin that plenty of light & qwyke slips through,
enough to feed algae. This gives parts of his surface green, red, or purple
undertones & sustains a large ecosystem, which covers the bottom with a dusting
of marine snow, enough to sustain many animals. Much life also clusters around
hydrothermal vents, living off of compounds vomited up into the water.

There are no sophont species here (unless you count settlers from the Seven
Earths and the moons of Jove)

## 7.0 Kronos

Kronos is a gas giant, about the same size as Jove. Unlike Jove, whose warmer
clouds are made of water vapor, Kronos' are made of ammonia, and they give him
a yellow hue when viewed from a distance. He has an expansive and beautiful
ring system, the greatest in the solar system.

Unlike Jove, he only has a few colonists thus far.

He has seven major moons, including the strange but living worlds Ulfrun and Eoten.

## 8.0 Herschel 

Herschel is a gas dwarf, about eight times as massive as Tellus. He is blue and
purple, and encircled by a few wispy rings. He has a few small asteroids for
moons, but no large rounded ones.

At a distance, he appears comparatively dark. Because of this and his distance
from the habitable worlds, Herschel was only discovered in the 18th century by a
Tellurian astronomer named William Herschel. He was at a loss at what to name
the planet; no new world had been discovered since ancient times, so there were
no protocols for it. Under the advice of a friend, Herschel chose to name the
world after himself, immortalizing him in the minds of astronomy students the
worlds over.

Coincidentally, the word "Harshel" is a slightly vulgar word term for breasts
in use all around Cels. This has made Herschel a very popular planet among
Celish schoolchildren, especially adolescent boys.
