---
title: "Assorted Awful Advice Part Seven: Applying for College"
date: 2024-05-15
draft: true
toc: false
tags: ['Assorted Awful Advice','Humor']
toc: false
comments: false
---

*Anabel Lee is one of those people who advertises marketing courses on social media. After making a grand total of twenty five 25 dollars in the business last year, Lee decided to branch out into crypto trading, essential oils, and giving advice to people happier than she is. Based on that one semester she spent in community college, Lee has christened herself an expert on all things college, and has started selling courses on that too.*

---

**1.) Refuse to take standardized tests.** Standardized tests are a scam forced upon us by the College Board to make more money. By taking them, you are dignifying this evil capitalist system. It's not like they're that important anyway, colleges don't really care that much about your academic performance in the first place.

**2.) Do everything you can to get into a top school.** If you don't get into Yale or Cornell, your life will be over, you might as well become a plumber or something. No one in the history of the world has had a happy or fulfilling life without being to Yale or Cornell -- how can life be worth living without snobby rich friends?!

**3.) Choose your admissions essay as the time for a principled stand against social - desirability bias.** People write their admissions essay in a complicated language of lies and half truths. This makes you seem slimy and it violates your principles! So, don't do it! Instead of saying "I joined the underwater marble stacking club out of my great passion or the subject" say "I need to convince you I'm a well - rounded person. Instead of saying "I spent a gap year traveling because I wanted to see the world," say "I wanted to have sex with Europeans." You get the picture!

**4.) Mention your East Asian heritage.** Everyone knows Asians tend to be hard - workers who excel academically, so colleges are really happy to have them! Right?

**5.) Put your mom down as your only character reference.** Parents are the most objective sources of information about their children, and colleges all know this. Besides, your mom is well known among college recruiters and most have positive memories of her.

**6.) Humorously respond to texts from colleges.** The random texts you get from colleges are all sent by bots, and an actual human being will never read your response. So, why not have a little fun and write something humorous, like "did you really think I want to live in a third world country like Alabama?" or "Shut the hell up Chloe ion wanna attend yo bum ass school."

**7.) Make your admissions essay as wordy as possible.** This is because smart people always use a bunch of big words, and you wanna look smart, don't you?

