---
title: "Math Problem Eleven: The End of the Road"
date: 2023-03-18T00:00:11Z
toc: false
draft: false
comments: false
tags: ['Humor', 'Math Problems', 'Math Problems Season 2']
toc: false
showdate: false
---

The woman accepts Jimmy Wales into her heart as her Lord and Savior and walks away. Suddenly, Jack gets a text on his phone from Jimmy Wales. 

"You are doing well, son, you have proved yourself to me. Your Wikipedia article shall be stared and featured in rewards for your service. 

"But, I have a mission for you. Accept, and I shall give you glory beyond your wildest dreams. Reject, and my wrath shall abide upon thee."

Jack thinks for a second and eventually responds : "ay jimmy bro, wikipedia kinda sux ngl fam lamo. ive just found this thing called Uncyclopedia thats just like ur website but more better. those fellas got oscar wilde quotes all over the place and you dont bro idk what 2 tell u"

For a second, it seems nothing has changed. But then, Jimmy Wales begins typing. "How dar'st thou speakest in such a vile manner? Thou hast forsaken the one true and holy online encyclopedia project for some shitty comedy outfit. In but a moment, thou shalt know mine fury!"

Jack begins to feel a pain in his chest & a sense of impending doom. He knows that Jimmy Wales must have cursed him for his impiety. 

The Grim Reaper senses that Jack is going to die, so he starts driving toward Jack in his flying hearse. Of all the souls in the world who need to be harvested, Jack is top priority because he cheated death recently. 

If Jack is in Mazatlán, Mexico, and the Grim Reaper is in Elbasan, Albania. The distance between Mazatlán and Elbasan is 6,826 miles. If the Grim Reaper’s flying hearse travels 2,145 miles an hour, how many milliseconds will it be before he reaches Mazatlán? 

[<== Back to Math Problems Home Page <==](/humor/problems/#season-two-twilight-of-the-wiki-god)
