---
title: 'Math Problem Twelve: To Answer This one, we Need to Talk About Parallel Universes'
date: 2023-03-18T00:00:14Z
toc: false
draft: false
comments: false
tags: ['Humor', 'Math Problems', 'Math Problems Season 3']
toc: false
showdate: false
---


Jack has absorbed Jimmy Wales’ essence and become a literal god. He rules the world with an iron fist. But, there is still one thing which his heart desires, one thing which he needs. He needs to finally take revenge on his ex - wife. He must make her pay for what she did to him. Jack couldn’t find any information about her whereabouts, so he captured her family and forced them to watch the Bee Movie until they told him where she was.  

But to answer that question, we need to talk about parallel universes. As a bizarre consequence of some law of physics or another,  if you go travel at a speed greater than 2,917 kilometers per hour at the equator, you will be transported into a parallel universe. Jack’s ex traveled twenty four parallel universes (6QPU) away from Jack. The only known way to build up enough speed to do this is by backward long jumping. You see, if one backwards long jumps fast enough, they won’t gain any kinetic energy but will instead gain potential energy. When you stop backward long jumping, all of your potential energy will instead become kinetic. If every one of Jack’s backward long jumps would carry him a hundred yards in three seconds, (Jack is the god emperor of mankind, don’t question it), how many backward long jumps will it take to transport him to his wife’s parallel universe? 

[<== Back to Math Problems Home Page <==](/humor/problems/#season-three-jackhammer-40k)
