---
title: 'Math Problem Twenty-Five: Of Goth and Goth Hunter'
date: 2023-03-18T00:00:26Z
toc: false
draft: false
comments: false
tags: ['Humor', 'Math Problems', 'Math Problems Season 4']
toc: false
showdate: false
---

Next up in their journey through Heck, Jack and the gang find themselves in a rainy field filled with the sound of terrible wailing. There is a huge fence, separating those on one side of the field from the other. On one side, there are a horde of souls who were once goths in life. They wear sopping wet, black clothes, with makeup and hair dye running down their bodies. On the other side, there stand a horde of overweight men, all of them wailing in despair.

Philip sheds a single intense yet manly tear. “The Lord has a cruel sense of humor,” he says in a baleful tone. “Here, the goths tormented are forever on their side of the fence. They must eternally put up with the rain messing up their makeup, hair dye, and other cosmetic substances. The men on the other side of the fence, by contrast, yearned for nothing more than a goth gf. And now, they are forced dwell within sight of those they sought after so long. Yet, the goths will not speak to them nor make love to them, for they are overcome with sorrow.”

As if in response to this, one of the darned lets up out deep, moist - sounding bellow of despair. "No Goth gf! Let Grog have goth gf!"
	
“Wait a sec.” Jack says, “It looks like there are way more goth hunters than goths.”

“Oh yes,” Philip responds, “For every one goth, there are 4*10^8 goth hunters. If there are half a million goths, how many goth hunters must there be?”

[<== Back to Math Problems Home Page <==](/humor/problems/#season-four-the-harrowing-of-heck)
