---
title: 'Math Problem Twenty-Nine: High School Faces Eternity'
date: 2023-03-18T00:00:30Z
toc: false
draft: false
comments: false
tags: ['Humor', 'Math Problems', 'Math Problems Season 4']
toc: false
showdate: false
---

Jack and his friends finally reach the other side of the black sea. Chocking through the stench, they see the portion of Heck reserved for stupid teenagers. Here are imprisoned all the people who tempted Bloddy Mary, engaged in street racing, listened to Stairway to Heaven backtracked, or made love in that one porta potty off of 494.

Their punishment is to forever be imprisoned within an enlarged version of the average public high school bathroom. Almost every surface is caked in toilet paper, most of which is stained with water, urine, or other, more exotic bodily excretions. The words “Bill ❤️  Tasha” and "Trent is a ashole" are written on the walls in feces, a substance which is also slathered over the stalls, ceilings, mirrors, and floors at irregular intervals. Worst of all, however, are the circle’s inhabitants. They are morbidly obese, unhealthy creatures, with clothing and flesh as filthy as their surroundings.

Jack coughs a little. "Smells like teen spirit."

Let us assume that this circle of Heck was opened in 1960 and that its inhabitants then produced five metric tons of bodily excretions every year. If this number increased exponentially every decade, how many metric tons of bodily excretions would those darned in this circle of Heck produce in the year 2020? If a third of that was not properly flushed, how many metric tons of bodily excretions would be left in this circle of Heck in 2020?

[<== Back to Math Problems Home Page <==](/humor/problems/#season-four-the-harrowing-of-heck)
