---
title: "Math Problem Thirty-Nine: Cornpop is a Bad Dude"
date: 2023-03-18T00:00:40Z
categories: ['Math Problems','Humor']
draft: false
toc: false
comments: false
tags: ['Humor', 'Math Problems', 'Math Problems Season 5']
toc: false
showdate: false
---

Jack and his crew steal Elon Musk's fastest UFO and return once more to the Earth. They land on Jeffery Epstein's island - now restored to its previous glory - to find Joe Biden and Bill Clinton standing in front of the door.

"What the hell kid?" asks Bill Clinton. "I thought you died!"

"I was once slain, but now I live. I am Jack, conqueror of death!"

Bill is about to respond, but he's cut off by the other archon.

"Shabapaduba?" Joe Biden questions, gesturing vaguely towards Kaegan with a befuddled expression on his face. "I-I coulda sworn, man. That right there is Corn Pop! He's a bad dude, usedta run a buncha bad boys..."

Kaegan throws up his hands. "I don't know bro. I ain't named Corn Pop. There are 8 billion people in the world and only one corn pop. I probably ain't him."

Biden grows angry and begins foaming at the mouth. "Come on man! You ain't black, you lying, dog - faced pony soldier! You're a Corn Pop 'cause I says you're a Corn Pop!" The politician throws his head back in anger and thrusts forwards his right hand. "BIDEN BLAST!" he screams in fury, causing a blue pulse of energy to arc between his hand and Kaegan, - reducing the later to a pile of ashes.

"No!" Screams Hayden. "They killed Kaegan!"

"You bastards!" I echo.

Fury begins rising in Jack's bosom, fury like he's never felt before. His eyes glow red with wrath - the wrath of the god emperor of mankind. The Earth begins to shake and thunder roles. "Lɪsᴛᴇɴ ᴜᴘ, sᴏᴄɪᴀʟɪsᴛ sᴄᴜᴍ!" outpours an otherworldly, ferocious voice quite unlike his own. "Yᴏᴜ'ᴠᴇ ᴋɪʟʟᴇᴅ Kᴇᴀɢᴀɴ, ʙᴜᴛ ʜᴇ ᴡᴀsɴ'ᴛ ᴛʜᴇ ꜰɪʀsᴛ! I ᴋɴᴏᴡ ᴛʜᴇ ʜɪsᴛᴏʀʏ ᴏꜰ ʏᴏᴜʀ sᴏᴄɪᴀʟɪsᴍ! I ᴋɴᴏᴡ ᴛʜᴇ ᴡᴏʀᴅs ʏᴏᴜ ᴄᴀɴ'ᴛ sᴛᴀɴᴅ ᴛᴏ ʜᴇᴀʀ, ᴛʜᴇ ᴡᴏʀᴅs ᴛʜᴀᴛ ᴇxᴏʀᴄɪsᴇ ᴀɴʏ ʟɪʙᴇʀᴀʟ ғʀᴏᴍ ᴛʜɪs ᴍᴏʀᴛᴀʟ ᴘʟᴀɴᴇ!

***"ɪPʜᴏɴᴇ! ...*** 



***... Vᴇɴᴇᴢᴜᴇʟᴀ! ...***



***... ONE HUNDRED ...***



***... UNDECILLION ...***



***... DDDEEEAAADDD!!!!"***

The fiends cover their ears, trying to shield themselves from those fateful, ruinous words. But, it is to no avail. They begin screeching in pain, and soon are melting away like the Nazis at the end of *Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark.* 

Jack sighs. "Another cuck leftist destroyed."

...

If socialism killed 100 undecillion people, as Jack proved with facts and logic, and there are 8 billion people in the world right now (as Kaegan stated), then how many orders of magnitude more people has socialism killed then are alive today?

[<== Back to Math Problems Home Page <==](/humor/problems/#season-five-parousia)
