---
title: "Math Problem Five: Enter the Grim Reaper"
date: "2023-03-18T00:00:05Z"
description: 'Our Hero attempts to fund Wikipedia'
comments: false
tags: ['Humor', 'Math Problems', 'Math Problems Season 2']
toc: false
showdate: false
---

Jack knows what he has to do. He feels in his bones that Jimmy Wales is on his side. He knows, through a burning in his bosom, that Jimmy Wales will help him get revenge on his ex-wife. He's just got to get this Tyrone character to donate money to Wikipedia. Jack eventually finds Tyrone and implores him to give Jimbo money, reminding him of all the lazy college students & malnourished Somali kids who rely on it for information. But, Tyrone hardens his heart, refusing all of Jack's pleas.

Jack knows he must get that money for Wikipedia, but he sees no way to attain it without resorting to violence. So, he withdraws his shank and thrusts it toward the other man. But, Jack is new to prison and not learned in the shank-arts. Tryone lithely intercepts his blow and unholesters a shank of his own, which penetrates Jack's torso a moment later. 

Our hero collapses to the ground, feeling the life ebbing away from him. But Jimmy Wales remembers his servant and decides to intervene by editing Jack's Wikipedia article to say that he is not dead. The Grim Reaper will receive a notification on his phone that Jack is supposed to die in 5 seconds. Then, he will spend 8 minutes checking Jack's information on the internet to ensure that he is in fact dead. 

It will take Jimmy Wales 63 seconds to fabricate sources and then 32 seconds to edit Jack's Wikipedia article. If the probability that the Grim Reaper has checked Jacks Wikipedia article begins at 4% and increases 5% every minute, how likely is it that the Grim Reaper will have checked it in 7 minutes? If the probability that the Grim Reaper will trust Wikipedia and is 64%, how likely is it that the Grim Reaper will have checked Jack's Wikipedia article 8 minutes after it has been edited and trust it?

[<== Back to Math Problems Home Page <==](/humor/problems/#season-two-twilight-of-the-wiki-god)
